# Multiplex Recurrence Network Plot

This function will plot a Multiplex Recurrence Network from a list of
igraph::igraph objects that can be considered the layers of a network.
or based on the output of function [`mrn()`](mrn.md). The layers must
have the same number of nodes.

## Usage

``` r
mrn_plot(
  layers = NA,
  MRN = NA,
  MRNweightedBy = c("InterLayerMI", "EdgeOverlap")[1],
  win = NA,
  step = NA,
  overlap = NA,
  alignment = "r",
  cumulative = FALSE,
  doPlot = TRUE,
  doSave = FALSE,
  coords = NA,
  RNnodes = FALSE,
  vertexSizeBy = "degree",
  scaleVertexSize = c(0.01, 5),
  vertexColour = NA,
  vertexBorderColour = "black",
  showVertexLegend = TRUE,
  showSizeLegend = FALSE,
  alphaV = 0.7,
  scaleEdgeSize = 1/5,
  alphaE = 0.5,
  showEdgeColourLegend = FALSE,
  curvature = -0.2,
  title = "",
  createAnimation = FALSE,
  useImageMagick = FALSE,
  loopAnimation = TRUE,
  transitionLength = 3,
  stateLength = 1,
  gifWidth = 600,
  gifRes = 150,
  noParts = TRUE,
  imageDir = NA,
  silent = TRUE
)
```

## Arguments

- layers:

  A list of igraph objects representing the layers of the multiplex
  network. The layer networks must all have the same number of vertices.

- MRN:

  The output from function [`mrn()`](mrn.md)

- MRNweightedBy:

  The measure to be used to evaluate the average structural similarities
  between the layers of the network. Valid options are: `"InterLayerMI"`
  (Mutual information based on similarity of the vertex degree across
  layers), `"EdgeOverlap"` (proportion of vertices sharing the same
  edges across layers). Choosing `"InterLayerMI"` or `"EdgeOverlap"`
  will decide which measure is displayed in the plot of the Multiplex
  RN, both measures will always be returned in the numerical output.

- win:

  The window size passed to [`ts_windower()`](ts_windower.md) in which
  to evaluate `"InterLayerMI"`, `"InterLayerCor"`, `"EdgeOvelap"`, or
  "`JRP`". (default = `NA`).

- step:

  The stepsize for the sliding window (default = `NA`).

- overlap:

  The window overlap passed to [`ts_windower()`](ts_windower.md) if
  `MRNweightedBy` is `"InterLayerMI"` or `"EdgeOvelap"`. The value of
  `step` will be ignored if `overlap` is not `NA`. (default = `NA`).

- alignment:

  Whether to right (`"r"`), center (`"c"`), or left (`"l"`) align the
  window.

- cumulative:

  To make the network represent cumulative time, set `directed = TRUE`
  and `cumulative = TRUE`. This will set the upper triangle of the
  recurrence matrix to `0` and ensures that the network edges represent
  recurrent values that have occurred in the `past` relative to the
  current observed value (node). If `directed = FALSE` the argument is
  ignored (default = `TRUE`).

- doPlot:

  Plot the multiplex recurrence network (default = `TRUE`).

- doSave:

  Save the plots.

- coords:

  A data frame with layout coordinates generated by calling any of the
  igraph::igraph layout functions. If `NA` a circle layout will; be
  generated (default = `NA`)

- RNnodes:

  Should the vertices of the MRN represent a plot of the RN of the
  layers? This is recommended only for a small numbers of vertices.
  (default = \`FALSE“)

- vertexSizeBy:

  A valid igraph::igraph function that calculates node based measures,
  or a numeric constant. (default = `"degree"`)

- scaleVertexSize:

  Scale the size of the vertices by setting a range for
  [`ggplot2::scale_size()`](https://ggplot2.tidyverse.org/reference/scale_size.html).
  This will not affect the numbers on the size legend (default =
  `c(1,6)`)

- vertexColour:

  A vector of colours for the vertices. If this is a named list, names
  will be displayed in the legend.

- vertexBorderColour:

  Draw a border around the vertices. Pass `NULL` to use the same colour
  as the fill colour (default = `"black"`)

- showVertexLegend:

  Show the vertex colour legend?

- showSizeLegend:

  Should a legend be shown for the size of the nodes? (default =
  `FALSE`)

- alphaV:

  Set transparency for Vertices (default = `1`)

- scaleEdgeSize:

  Scale the size of the edges by a constant:
  `E(g)$width * scaleEdgeSize` (default = `1/5`)

- alphaE:

  Set transparency for Edges. A single numeric, or a vector of length
  `ecount(g)` (default = `0.8`)

- showEdgeColourLegend:

  Should a legend be shown for the colour of the edges? (default =
  `FALSE`)

- curvature:

  The `curvature` parameter for edges see
  [`ggplot2::geom_curve()`](https://ggplot2.tidyverse.org/reference/geom_segment.html)
  (default = `-0.7`)

- title:

  A title for the plot

- createAnimation:

  If `createAnimation = TRUE` *and* `doPlot = TRUE` *and* a windowed
  analysis is conducted, an animation will be produced using either
  package `gganimate` (if `useImageMagick = FALSE`) or `animation` (if
  `useImageMagick = TRUE`). The main difference is that `gganimate` has
  nice animation transition features, but plots the MRN using
  [ggplot2::ggplot2](https://ggplot2.tidyverse.org/reference/ggplot2-package.html),
  which does not have great options for displaying the nodes as images.
  With package `animation` a sequence of igraph::igraph plots will be
  converted to an animation. If `doSave = TRUE` the animation will be
  saved in `imageDir` as an animated gif by calling either
  [`gganimate::anim_save()`](https://gganimate.com/reference/anim_save.html),
  or
  [`animation::saveGIF()`](https://rdrr.io/pkg/animation/man/saveGIF.html)
  (default = `FALSE`)

- useImageMagick:

  Should [ImageMagick](https://imagemagick.org/index.php) be used to
  create the animation. **NOTE:** ImageMagick has to be installed on
  your system, see
  [`animation::saveGIF()`](https://rdrr.io/pkg/animation/man/saveGIF.html)
  (default = `FALSE`)

- loopAnimation:

  Should the animation loop? (default = `TRUE`)\`

- transitionLength:

  Length of each transition in the animation, ignored if
  `useImageMagick = TRUE` (default = `3`)

- stateLength:

  Value of `state_length` if `gganimate` is used, or the `interval` in
  seconds for
  [`animation::ani.pause()`](https://rdrr.io/pkg/animation/man/ani.pause.html)
  (default = `1`)

- gifWidth:

  Width of the animated `gif` in pixels. The default width will be
  `600/150 = 4 in` or `10.16 cm` (default = `600`)

- gifRes:

  Resolution of the animated `gif` in `ppi` (default =`150`)

- noParts:

  Do not plot the individual graphs that make up the animation to the
  current `dev` (default = `TRUE`)

- imageDir:

  Directory to save the layer images and windowed MRN plots. If `NA`,
  the value returned by [`getwd()`](https://rdrr.io/r/base/getwd.html)
  will be used, if `NULL` no windowed images will be saved (default =
  `NA`)

- silent:

  Silent-ish mode

## Value

A matrix with edge weights between layers that represent the measure
`MRNweightedBy`.

## Examples

``` r
#' # Create some layers
library(igraph)

layers <- list(g1 = igraph::sample_smallworld(1, 100, 5, 0.05),
g2 = igraph::sample_smallworld(1, 100, 5, 0.5),
g3 = igraph::sample_smallworld(1, 100, 5, 1))

mrn_plot(layers = layers,showEdgeColourLegend=TRUE)
#> Error in graph_from_adjacency_matrix(adjmatrix = MRNlist[[w]], mode = "upper",     diag = FALSE, weighted = TRUE): Cannot create a graph object because the adjacency matrix contains NAs.
```
