# Plot (thresholded) distance matrix as a recurrence plot

Plot (thresholded) distance matrix as a recurrence plot

## Usage

``` r
rp_plot(
  RM,
  plotDimensions = FALSE,
  plotDimensionLegend = FALSE,
  plotMeasures = FALSE,
  plotRadiusRRbar = TRUE,
  drawGrid = FALSE,
  drawDiagonal = TRUE,
  diagColour = "grey50",
  drawNA = FALSE,
  markEpochsLOI = NULL,
  radiusValue = NA,
  courseGrain = TRUE,
  maxSize = 1000^2,
  title = "",
  xlabel = "",
  ylabel = "",
  plotSurrogate = NA,
  returnOnlyObject = FALSE
)
```

## Arguments

- RM:

  A distance matrix or recurrence matrix, preferably generated by
  function [rp](rp.md) or [rn](rn.md).

- plotDimensions:

  Should the state vectors be plotted if they are available as
  attributes of RM (default = `TRUE`)

- plotDimensionLegend:

  If `plotDimensions = TRUE` plot a simple legend (default = `FALSE`)

- plotMeasures:

  Print common (C)RQA measures in the plot if the matrix is binary
  (default = `FALSE`)

- plotRadiusRRbar:

  The `Radius-RR-bar` is a colour-bar guide plotted with an
  unthresholded distance matrix indicating a number of `RR` values one
  would get if a certain distance threshold were chosen (default =
  `TRUE`)

- drawGrid:

  Draw a grid on the recurrence plot (default = `FALSE`)

- drawDiagonal:

  One usually omits the main diagonal, the Line Of Incidence (LOI) from
  the calculation of Auto-RQA measures., it is however common to plot
  it. Set to `FALSE` to omit the LOI from an Auto-Recurrence Plot
  (default = `TRUE`)

- diagColour:

  Colour of the main diagonal (default = `"grey50"`)

- drawNA:

  Draw `NA` values in the recurrence plot? If `FALSE` then `NA` values
  will be considered non-recurring (default = `FALSE`)

- markEpochsLOI:

  Pass a factor whose levels indicate different epochs or phases in the
  time series and use the line of identity to represent the levels by
  different colours (default = `NULL`)

- radiusValue:

  If `plotMeasures = TRUE` and RM is an unthresholded matrix, this value
  will be used to calculate recurrence measures. If
  `plotMeasures = TRUE` and RM is already a binary recurrence matrix,
  pass the radius that was used as a threshold to create the matrix for
  display purposes. If `plotMeasures = TRUE` and `radiusValue = NA`,
  function [`est_radius()`](est_radius.md) will be called with default
  settings (find a radius that yields `.05` recurrence rate). If
  `plotMeasures = FALSE` this setting will be ignored.

- courseGrain:

  Reduce the size of the matrix before plotting (greatly improves
  speed). If `plotMeasures = TRUE` coursegraining takes place after
  calculation of the CRQA measures. See
  [`mat_coursegrain()`](mat_coursegrain.md) for details (default =
  `TRUE`)

- maxSize:

  The maximum size of the matrix (cols x rows) above which the
  coursegraining function [mat_coursegrain](mat_coursegrain.md) will be
  implemented if `courseGrain = TRUE`. This will speed up the plotting
  process

- title:

  A title for the plot

- xlabel:

  An x-axis label

- ylabel:

  An y-axis label

- plotSurrogate:

  Should a 2-panel comparison plot based on surrogate time series be
  added? If `RM` has attributes `y1` and `y2` containing the time series
  data (i.e. it was created by a call to [rp](rp.md)), the following
  options are available: "RS" (random shuffle), "RP" (randomised
  phases), "AAFT" (amplitude adjusted fourier transform). If no
  timeseries data is included, the columns will be shuffled. NOTE: This
  is not a surrogate test, just 1 surrogate is created from `y1`.
  (default = `FALSE`)

- returnOnlyObject:

  Return the ggplot object only, do not draw the plot (default = `TRUE`)

## Value

A nice plot of the recurrence matrix.

## See also

Other Distance matrix operations (recurrence plot):
[`bandReplace()`](bandReplace.md),
[`createCorridor()`](createCorridor.md), [`mat_di2bi()`](mat_di2bi.md),
[`mat_di2ch()`](mat_di2ch.md), [`mat_di2we()`](mat_di2we.md),
[`mat_hamming()`](mat_hamming.md), [`rp()`](rp.md),
[`rp_lineDist()`](rp_lineDist.md), [`rp_nzdiags()`](rp_nzdiags.md),
[`rp_size()`](rp_size.md)
